
Here are a list of things/bugs that need 2b done/fixed:

Event Managment Page
---------------------


cleaning up logic, aestectics, and functionality, smoothness
----------
are you sure you want to add a caddy that is not signed up? 
if a caddy is not in the caddylist, then warn the manager with a pop up asking if he would like to add this caddy to data/caddies.json file, asking for him to enter in a form field of caddies name "lastname, first" and their phone number
- need to be in form of last, first (finish... it needs to be abel to handle invalid caddies i just tried a membe that wasnt in it)


make the caddy search, the searcha nd selector for the caddy roster and same with memeber search for the member roster

remove teh ranodm first member search with no search abilities

close other events when clicking on iteration
fix how the caddy search dropdown is popped up when launching the program without clicking on the caddy search bar.

caddy search bar doesnt work again after selecting an option for the first time

make the caddy roster not only searchable but also you can select a caddies name from the scrollable div which enters the name value in the caddy search box.


when the manager experiences the pop up wanring him that he is entering a member not in the member roster and adding him to it, that he needs to enter the hole from slectors of numebr 1-18 and letters A and B. make sure this addition doesn't break any group rules


add the ability to search pairings by pairedCaddies

generate a "all  +"#" of memebrs have been added with "+" caddies.

design idea:

make the 18 holes in a larger 6 x 3 grid to cover the 18 holes. and move it below the caddy and pairing cloumn sections

move the pairing caddy and memebrs button more up in the page


tickeing and communciation center!























current things in the code to address:

!!!
make the available caddies just caddies?
list all the caddies like how it is in availabel caddies ection now . do that for members section/coloumn too

default is not sure, if paired then red, available - green 

- Do not pair caddy if there if the event details are not submitted within its respective event page.
- add arrival time ("hour prior" for example) as a field in the communication center
- add functionality to select multiple members for one pairing with one caddy

As for the pairing capabilities within the event management page, there will be a system of displaying caddy & member names, along with their respective status for the event that is currently displayed on the even management page

One way to indicate status is to have a color key usuing css and javascript, filling in  with color the container that encloses the names.

a caddy and member, whether displayed in the drop down within the search bar or highlighted in the pairing field or displayed within any list will have the following color key :

Caddy Key:

available (green)
waiting response (yellow) 
not available (grey) 
paired (red)

this colors persist attached to the caddy associated with this event.

Member's Key paired status follows a similar color scheme :

paired (green)
unpaired (red)


--- obtaining the status of caddies and members ---


members :

Members will not be communicating with this program, therefore the roster of members signed up for the event is given to caddy manager
He will enter manually (eventually we will integrate with westmorelands golfdigest API to avoid this tedious task)

this will exist inside a form field container that exists on its respective event page and saves data to pairings.json inside "memberList". 
- this will be in the form of a list of the members within one group.


inside the form field, the manager can can select member names by searching through the entire member lists.
- this will be a form field of up to 4 members, each with search bar cabilities like we previously got working in our latest version
- there exists a "guest" option" for each for the member fields, G: checkmark box, to indicate that this player is a guest of this member.
- at least one member needs to be selected for the information to be saved

Caddies: 


The manager can manually mark the caddy as available // is this too tedious?

the communication center 
Send invite to all caddies
Send invite to particulatr caddy
send to multiple caddys

Should we display if they been texted... no only if they have signed up 
Caddies can also just text the even name like "highlander", for example, to confirm or yes after a sent text..


caddies can get the status of their looper info, upcoming loops, requests, etc...


--- displaying the list of member roster groups and list of caddies.

the respective lists (2 lists) of caddies and members will be filtered by their color status according to the color key scheme discussed above. 
- 
- 
-

Ticket Management Page

Generate tickets button 
- when this is clicked, all paired caddies will be texted their respective arrival times
- if a caddy has not yet responded or not available and have been paired, then warn the manager with a pop window "are you sure you want to proceed, these caddies: "xxx, yyy, and zzz" are not available or have not responded.
        - the manager can go back and not send, or can choose to proceed.


**TODO::// I need a workflow diagram of communication between phone and this program running on manager's computer... all the different scenario



What if there are different tee times? and multiple days?



Communication Page



FINISHED, 2nd iteration {

---- displaying the correct information/format for event page depending on pairings.json file with holds all event information (default)

In the corner, create a button that creates a new event. Once it is clicked, the detail event form loads onto the page to be filled and saved, then will populate on the screen.
If there are no events, then simply display "There are no current events"
If there is only one event created, display that event in event management screen
If there are multiple events, then display the first event.

---- 
whatever event is being currently displayed, all of it's event details and data on whether a caddy or member is paired will be associated it.
- this information will be used to display different details about multiple events.

---

the manager will be able to switch between events (if there are multiple) through a drop down option at the top of the page that when clicked will display that event page with its respective event details
there will be an option to edit the current event 
there will also be an option to create a new event and the form field will poopulate again with the ability to save

----

}


























Member list will be a list of the starting hole, tee time

What if there are multiple days and multiple tee times for the same member?

If there is a shotgun, the general event details will be the same but if there are tee times, the things get a bit more complex for storing this information


for example

aberdeen 

:

friday 27 holes 3 different starting times and holes, 
saturday 18 holes 2 different starting times and holes

if there are tee times

 member name, member name, tee time, 2, hole

 just send a photo of the member's sheet!

 ... we will just plan for a shotgun start for now